README.md, before:

<!-- 1. Have toggle buttons for the Profile show page -->
2. Look into component libraries 


<!-- 1. Get pictures to render
2. Create challenge Show page with Tasks and Task Challenges  -->
<!-- 3. Create UserChallenge -->

<!-- 1. Get Android emulator  -->
<!-- 2. Fetch data with these -->
<!-- 3. Test out endpoints and use .env global var -->
<!-- 4. Finalize post request for UTC -->
<!-- 
1. Fix Problem with setting Current user after using useEffect -- Page keeps reloading  -- Not really a problem anymore because Profile only fetches userChallenges and challenges related to that user  -->
<!-- 2. Filter by genre -->

<!-- 6. There's a bug where you can take a challenge, mark that challenge as complete and then are still able to take that challenge again without a page reload  -->
<!-- 5. Filter by completed challenges, etc on profile page  -->
<!-- 3. Make Edit Home Page to bring you to either login or sign Up -->
<!-- Delete a userChallenge and the userChallenge actually goes away live -- Leaving a weird box  -->

3. When challenges are complete -- either miniize them or make them standout somehow (They Currently immediately go to the next page but I don't like that)
<!-- 4. Add Ids from Id library for taskChallenges -->
5. Genre drop-downs for creating a challenge



Stretch 

1. Add Chat feature -- Probably not 
2. Linear gradient
3. Look into styled components animations for better feedback when you take and completed a challenge
<!-- 3. Ability to see other people's pages  -->
<!-- You can only edit challenges that belong to you -->
<!-- Hitting the profile page will now refresh with the currentUser -->
4. Page with horizontal Scroll Divs 
5. Upload pictures
6. Display analytics about a challenge’s cultural impact
7. Full Auth ???? -- Probably not

Commit message:

Reviews formatted, icons added, Challenge pages edited

README.md, after:

<!-- 1. Have toggle buttons for the Profile show page -->
2. Look into component libraries 


<!-- 1. Get pictures to render
2. Create challenge Show page with Tasks and Task Challenges  -->
<!-- 3. Create UserChallenge -->

<!-- 1. Get Android emulator  -->
<!-- 2. Fetch data with these -->
<!-- 3. Test out endpoints and use .env global var -->
<!-- 4. Finalize post request for UTC -->
<!-- 
1. Fix Problem with setting Current user after using useEffect -- Page keeps reloading  -- Not really a problem anymore because Profile only fetches userChallenges and challenges related to that user  -->
<!-- 2. Filter by genre -->

<!-- 6. There's a bug where you can take a challenge, mark that challenge as complete and then are still able to take that challenge again without a page reload  -->
<!-- 5. Filter by completed challenges, etc on profile page  -->
<!-- 3. Make Edit Home Page to bring you to either login or sign Up -->
<!-- Delete a userChallenge and the userChallenge actually goes away live -- Leaving a weird box  -->

3. When challenges are complete -- either miniize them or make them standout somehow (They Currently immediately go to the next page but I don't like that)
Format Reviews
<!-- 4. Add Ids from Id library for taskChallenges -->
5. Genre drop-downs for creating a challenge
Edit Profile 

Bugs
1. There's a bug where I can't set Current user
2. Completing a challenge re-renders the task component so tasks get unchecked


Stretch 

1. Add Chat feature -- Probably not 
2. Linear gradient
3. Look into styled components animations for better feedback when you take and complete a challenge -- Have an alert for now but a modal would be nice as well. 
<!-- 3. Ability to see other people's pages  -->
<!-- You can only edit challenges that belong to you -->
<!-- Hitting the profile page will now refresh with the currentUser -->
4. Page with horizontal Scroll Divs 
5. Upload pictures
6. Display analytics about a challenge’s cultural impact
7. Full Auth ???? -- Probably not
